[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Billy Carson.
>> Thank you.
Appreciate it.
>> Thanks for coming.
>> Well, thanks for coming
out and staying this late.
And thank you to
everybody that's
been sharing their information.
So if you shared, and
the few people sharing it
on their social
media, thank you.
Wow.
I came around the corner.
I saw the line.
I was like, oh, yeah.
And then it was for Bashar.
I was like, OK.
I respect and I love that guy.
He's phenomenal.
Yeah.
I'll have to add channeling
to my repertoire now.
For the next 20 years,
I'll be researching that.
But no, it's all good.
It's all good.
I'm just happy for
the opportunity
to even be here, and
talk to you guys,
and go over this information.
Tonight we're going to talk
about star gates and portals.
And some of you may have
seen a little bit of this
before, as it may overlap.
I mean, I've seen some
of your faces before.
So there may be one or
two, maybe three things
that you see that may overlap
something you saw before.
But hopefully, there's a lot of
brand new content that you've
never seen before that
will be involved--
will be included in this
presentation on star gates
and portals.
So without further ado,
let's get this party started.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
That's my alter ego.
I always have to play that.
So today we're going to talk
about star gates and portals.
Cool topic.
I'm going to go into
some science dealing
with the djed pillar ankh,
and what that's all about,
and what it is.
Some of you may have
seen some of it before.
But I'm going to talk
about the science.
A lot of you who have
come to my lectures
know that I incorporate
a lot of science
into the things that talk about.
And the reason why is because
science is behind this stuff.
It's not magic.
Science is behind spirituality.
And it's not that
spirituality doesn't exist.
It's just that science, or
quantum physics and quantum
mechanics explains
what's happening
in the spiritual realm
to a certain degree.
There's some things that we
still just don't know yet.
And we're still all growing.
We're babies.
I'm learning, just like
everybody else here
is learning.
Matter of fact,
sometimes I go back
and watch my own presentations
so I can learn from myself.
I'm dead serious.
Some of the things
that I go over,
and even I have to
hear it 3, 4, 5, 6,
10 times to even grasp another
level of understanding.
So I'm pretty excited about it.
Of course, I have
my book "Compendium
of the Emerald Tablets."
I have a few left if anybody
wants to buy one at the end.
Great.
There's only a few left.
This weekend was crazy.
I would walk around
with a few, and they'd
be gone before I got
back to the elevator.
But it's still a bestseller
10 months in a row.
And now it's being
converted into three
different languages--
German, French, and Spanish.
And Amazon is now doing
all the fulfillment.
They gave me a great
deal, because I was just
doing the fulfillment myself.
They let me keep the
same amount of revenue,
and they're fulfilling it.
That's how good the
book is to them in terms
of their process of moving it.
And they just asked
me to send 3,000 more.
So I guess they're
doing very well with it.
And I have 11 new books done.
They're in editing right now.
11 more books.
Yeah, 11.
So the editor-- the publisher,
Winterwolf publishing,
Laura Cantu was like, you can't
put 11 books out at one time.
I was like, why not?
She was like, we
just can't do it.
It's not like music.
You have to-- so OK,
I'm going to release--
my first one is going
to be coming out
in about a month and a half.
It's called "Being Woke
Doesn't Mean Being Broke."
And that's one, I think,
this whole community
needs to read ASAP.
Because if you're
around here talking
about manifesting,
and downloading,
and all this stuff, and you
can't manifest your light bill
payment, then there's
something wrong.
You're not really operating
in the law of attraction.
You're not operating in power.
You're not operating
in any of the things
you've been learning about.
And that's why a lot of people
won't listen to certain people.
They look at the lifestyle.
They see the debt.
They see the issues
and the problems.
And they go, I don't believe it.
You have to be believable.
And to be believable,
you've got to show--
you've got to be the light that
shows, and shines, and says,
hey, it doesn't mean you've
got to be a billionaire.
But are all your needs being
met in a timely fashion?
That's all we ask.
When I need something
to be taken care of,
is it taken care of?
Am I scrambling around
every single month
trying to figure out how
I'm going to do this,
and how am I going to do that,
and how I'm going to pay this?
What if I want to go out and
help 1,000 people tomorrow?
It's in my heart to do it.
It's in everybody's
heart to do it.
But if you don't have
the finances, guess what.
You can't do it.
Unfortunately, we live
in a matrix system
that operates on monetary
fake money, fiat money.
But you have to see
it not as fiat money.
Look at it as an
energy exchange.
Shift the way you think about
it, until we get out of it.
Eventually we'll get out of that
system, but while we're in it,
think of it as an
energy exchange system.
How can you exchange
your energy for this
to acquire that
to link it to you
to do something else that
you're looking to accomplish?
And when you do that and shift
your mindset, a lot of things
will change for you.
But I'm a world traveler.
I've been around the
world many times.
I'm here over at the Great
Pyramid, which is actually
one of the portals--
underneath the Great Pyramid.
I'm standing inside of
the King's Chamber there.
The King's Chamber
is an amazing place.
It's got the speed light in
meters per second in the Grand
Gallery.
The longitude of
the Grand Gallery
is the speed of light
by meters per second.
And people say, well, meters
per second just got-- meters--
the metric system just
got discovered, right?
No.
The metric system is ancient.
They discovered it
in South America.
They discovered proto-Sumerian
tablets with cuneiform writing
on them, and little bowls with
cuneiform writing on them,
and they had what?
The metric system as well.
And that's well documented.
I mean, it's been--
this has been--
I don't even-- it's
been in the records
so long that I can't
believe that people still
don't understand that the
metric system is not brand new.
Most likely the guy
who rediscovered it,
he may have looked
up these tablets,
because it's all
laid out right there.
And Wikipedia isn't my
greatest source of information,
but it's even on
Wikipedia, which
they try to hide everything.
So it's crazy.
And here I am here at the
Temple of Abydos, pointing up.
About 50 meters above
me is this technology.
But the technology
isn't just here.
So some people
say, oh, it's been
debunked because they said they
recarved these hieroglyphs,
and they ended up
looking like technology.
No.
Well, explain why it's the same
exact way all throughout Egypt.
And some of the people
who go on my Egypt tour
will see as we go and
look at these hieroglyphs,
that they're everywhere.
They're everywhere.
I'm at the top of Ollantaytambo.
This is in Peru.
There's blocks up here that came
from another mountain, which
is--
I mean, to get them from
the top of one mountain
and bring them over
to this mountain,
they could tell by the sediment
is just an amazing feat.
How they did it,
nobody can tell.
But the homegrown
guides will tell you
that it was the gods that
brought the stones there.
And you get the
same story no matter
where you go in the world.
They always blame
it on the gods.
The gods brought this
stuff here, you know?
I mean, that's the answer.
They never say that we did it.
The only time you hear
something somebody
said that humans did it is on
the mainstream archeology stuff
and the stuff on mainstream TV.
And they're trying-- I
saw one this morning.
They were walking one of
the Easter Island heads
down this road.
Well, the Easter Islands
are not just heads.
That was a broken
Easter Island statue.
At Easter Island,
they have deep bodies
that go way down a few
meters underground.
And you're not walking that
thing with some simple ropes.
So it's just--
I don't know.
Whoever is behind the
scenes pulling the strings
and make people put
this stuff on TV.
It's just really crazy.
But Machu Picchu is
an amazing place.
I've been there.
I'm going to go back again
and take a few people with me.
This is my guide here.
There's still gold behind
these giant stones right there.
The one I'm standing in front
of, there's gold back there.
It's being guarded
by the military.
Ancient gold.
It's just amazing this
stuff was still there.
Of course, dinosaurs
walked with man.
So you can see it's
got meat on its bones.
I mean, they knew
what it looked like.
And these dinosaurs can be
found all over the world.
Gobekli Tepe now, one
of the oldest sites
known to be kind of
partially dug out.
And that's about
13,000 years old,
around the time of
the last ice age.
But you can find them
even in Lake Michigan.
There's a stonehenge
underneath Lake Michigan
that was discovered about
three or four years ago.
And in that stonehenge,
it has these pillars,
just like Gobekli Tepe,
just like Stonehenge
in Amesbury, UK.
But it's got etched
and carved into it
dinosaurs and mastodons.
And that's really an
amazing discovery.
Here I am at Akrotiri, Greece
on the island of Santorini.
And I was on this dig site.
It's about a four-mile
dig site, only about 10%
uncovered so far.
A lot of technology there.
I did a huge article on that.
It's on 4biddenknowledge.com
and the blog page.
There's a lot of photos.
You're going to see piping
that looks like PVC piping
that we use right now today.
You're going to see stones that
are maybe 2 meters thick that
have a tiny little hole.
From one end, they go straight
through to the other side.
You can't do that
with a chip and bone.
Sorry.
And flushing toilets that work
from the second story on down
and flush away even the
scent and the smell away
from the house.
It sucks it out with suction.
And I don't think we
have that nowadays.
We need to reclaim
that technology.
But it's an amazing site.
And they claim that it's part of
the ancient Atlantean culture,
which is really amazing.
Here I am at
Teotihuacan in Mexico.
I'm standing on top of
the Pyramid of the Moon,
which is actually
eight pyramids in one.
So this pyramid was built
by Thoth the Atlantean.
And it was dedicated
to his wife.
And his wife was a human.
And so it's eight pyramids
stacked on top of each other
to make one pyramid.
I'm at the highest
level you can get to.
There's one more level
above it, but they
don't let you get
to that level, only
to this where I'm at,
just one level below.
And behind me is the
Pyramid of the Sun.
The Pyramid of the
Sun is exactly 50%
the height of the
Great Pyramid of Giza.
And the base is
exactly the same.
The alignment of
the three pyramids
that are here in this grid
are the same alignment
of the Great Pyramids of Giza,
which align with the Orion star
cluster.
And here I am Kukulcan,
the Pyramid of Kukulcan
and Chichen Itza in
the Yucatan Peninsula.
So we'll get this thing started.
This is a little
video that I did.
I'm walking through a portal.
This is actually a music
video that was on MTV,
just the beginning clip of it.
The song is called into
"Anunnaki" by Donny Arcade.
This is a classic.
This is how I envisioned
it back in the day.
You just walk right
through a portal
and get to your destination.
So it's pretty cool.
Well, you can watch the
whole video on YouTube.
It's free.
"Anunnaki" by Donny Arcade,
D-O-N-N-Y, Donny Arcade.
Let's talk about
DNA for a second.
So now when I started
researching these portals
and star gates, I started
finding something very similar
between all of ancient
records in the history
and the hearsay
about them and some
of the indigenous information
about the portals.
It's that only
specific people were
able to walk
through the portals.
It wasn't just like anybody can
just walk through the portal.
And it had a lot to do with DNA.
It had a lot to do with
frequency, atomic structure,
and keys, and codes.
So this is what we're
getting ready to get into.
What is the atomic
structure about?
What is the DNA about?
What are the keys and codes?
So yesterday in my
talk, or Saturday,
I think it was, in my talk,
we talked a little bit
about the storage
capability of DNA,
how DNA stores memories
and information.
So I showed one particular
video where these scientists
replicated their e-book 80
billion times on 1 gram of DNA.
DNA stores digital
bits of zeros and ones,
data, hard-- the
same data that's
on this computer that makes
this show up on the screen
is the same exact data
that your DNA can store.
It can upload and download, not
only through a hard connection,
but also wirelessly as well.
Now, this is something similar.
Let's look at what's going on
here at the Wyss Institute,
because they actually
are working with Harvard,
and have come up with a DNA
hard drive, one of the very
first DNA hard drives.
This is important to understand
the science behind this,
because when we get into
the djed pillar ankh,
you're going to see
what I'm talking about.
It's directly linked to how
DNA can store information.
>> So this research is about
alternative ways of storing
data, digital data for
archival purposes with DNA.
>> The initial thought was I
don't care what I'm building,
so why don't we just build
"Moby Dick" or something?
I'll just encode it into DNA.
We'll just build
that, because I don't
want to worry about the
design at this point in time.
>> Sriram and I debated
what we should encode,
what would nicely represent
the digital universe.
And we wanted something
that represents
sort of modern digital.
So we used an HTML
version of a book
that I wrote recently
called "Regenesis."
The HTML form, let's
say the web form,
includes images, digital images.
It includes JavaScript,
programming language
that actually does--
performs something
interactively with a person.
And so we encoded that
into zeros and ones,
and then into DNA.
>> We started thinking about--
based on some prior
work, thinking about DNA
as a source of information
storage, because, one,
it is very long-lasting.
You can recover DNA
over thousands of years.
And second, it's a very dense
storage information source.
>> Most non-DNA method
store on a plane.
Well, DNA can be
stored in a volume.
The density is remarkably high,
as little as one bit per base,
one base per cubic nanometer.
And so we can store on the order
of almost a zettabyte in a gram
of DNA, a milliliter of volume.
>> The theoretical density of
DNA is that you could store
the total world information,
which is 1.8 zettabytes,
at least in 2011, in
about four grams of DNA.
[INAUDIBLE]
>> And it leverages rapidly
improving next generation
reading and writing of DNA.
>> So the important thing about
this is what is stopping us
right now from being successful
with teleportation and all
these other technologies that
we want to be able to do?
Teleportation is when you
take somebody from point A,
and you literally take
their atoms apart,
and you beam the atoms
to another location,
and reassemble those atoms
in the same exact order.
So you have a person, like,
"Beam me up, Scotty" on "Star
Trek."
Well, the biggest
problem with that
is not that we don't
know how to do it.
We know how to do teleportation.
We've done teleportation
now for at least 10 years.
We've been teleporting
individual particles.
Now we actually are able
to teleport molecules.
So we're teleporting-- I think,
it was maybe five months ago
we teleported some
molecules from Earth
to the ISS, the
International Space Station.
That's a big feat.
But the amount of memory
it takes is significant.
Now with DNA hard
drives, that's all gone,
because one human body can store
13.5 billion years of data,
the same age as the universe.
So all that storage
capacity is in your body.
So the human body truly
is a biological avatar
that is already set up as
a gigantic USB hard drive,
literally.
And because of that, you could
upload and download information
into the body.
So now the human body
avatar can be integrated
into other technologies.
So it becomes a piece of the
technology it's linking with,
almost like a module.
So instead of having to
have a portable hard drive
to go and connect to
this star gate somewhere,
these ancients were
utilizing the hard drive
in their bodies to
be able to upload
and download themselves
from place to place.
And the storage
capacity is immense.
One drop on the tip of your
finger is 433 petabytes.
That's an enormous
amount of data.
At that rate, a hard drive
the size of your cell phone
could store all the information
in this entire solar system.
Forget the Earth.
The solar system can be stored
in your phone, everything.
It's amazing the amount
of storage capacity.
And that's in your body.
And along with that, are
your epigenetic memories.
So you have about 15 to 18
years of epigenetic memories
in there.
And that is the memories
from your ancestors.
Mhm.
>> How do you explain the
Akashic record phenomena with
memory stored in a locality?
>> Well, the Akashic records
is real, first of all.
Good question.
He's asking about
the Akashic records.
So what I talked about
Saturday, the fact
that every single thought that
you think, including right now
as we're sitting
here, it gets sent
through the skull in the form of
an electromagnetic wave, which
is a wave of light.
So every thought you
think is a light wave.
Those light waves
move on into spacetime
permanently forever
through eternity.
So everything that ever-- every
thought that ever existed,
every idea, every
concept that ever existed
is already in spacetime.
And most likely,
you don't really
get an original idea
most of the time.
Probably 90% of the
time you download
ideas that already exist.
So the Akashic records
are the storage medium
in this etheric grid, that
store all this light data,
this electromagnetic wave data.
And just like before he
died, Stephen Hawking,
he reversed his original
theory on black holes,
thinking that black
holes were eternal,
and that anything that
fell in was destroyed.
Later on before he died, he
realized that black holes
were not eternal.
They radiate out, and
dissipate after trillions
of years, sometimes billions
of years, depending on size.
But that anything that goes into
the black hole, the information
is never lost.
It's transferred to
the event horizon,
and stored there
permanently as data.
So we go back to the same
old thing, the second law
of thermodynamics.
So energy and information
can't be destroyed.
It can only be transformed.
And because of that,
all information
is already contained
in spacetime,
which means the Akashic
records are real,
which means that the
person that taps into them
is tapping into the
etheric grid, this grid
that we're all connected
to and plugged into that
has all the data,
all the information.
That is really the thing
that connects all of us.
And the illusion of separation
that we have because we've
coalesced into this avatar
body under a slower vibration
is really just an illusion.
We're really still all one.
We're all one entity.
We're just-- like if you took
this flat panel here, and just
imagined little things popping
up out of it, those are us.
Each one of those is
a different person,
but we're still part of
this same flat panel.
That's just all it is.
And you're just
another version of me.
And I'm just another
version of you.
The Ancients have a term,
"in lak'ech ala k'in."
And I am just another you.
That's really what it means.
The Ancients knew
about all this stuff.
I mean, we're just now
just trying to catch up.
We're holding on for dear life.
We're really trying to catch up.
I remember a few years
ago where the storage
medium on one gram of DNA was
5.5 petabits, 700 terabytes.
Now they've upped
it to 433 petabytes.
We're moving fast.
Now Microsoft last year created
the first DNA hard drive.
So now everything is going
to take off like lightning.
And then now we're going to have
the quantum computers, which
we're going to talk about
today, because that's also
very important for star gates,
the ability to have qubits.
And what a qubit is, and how
it works, and why it works,
and how it integrates
into star gates.
This is really technology.
This star gate stuff is
not just like hocus pocus,
somebody is waving a wand,
and this thing opens up.
It's real, hardcore, advanced,
super advanced technology.
And it's something that we're
trying to acquire ourselves
right now, us being the
military industrial complex.
>> We are producing a lot
more data than we're capable
of storing today.
We think that to put
a dent on the problem,
we need a radical new solution.
And so we're looking at
DNA as one such solution.
>> And one of the reasons that
we're using DNA is its density
is orders of magnitude higher
than anything that exists
today, its reliability
and resiliency,
and then it has relevancy.
We think that as long as
there are humans alive,
we'll care about
reading our own DNA.
And that means that
we'll have a storage
format that will be with us
that will always be relevant.
>> We have been working on
using DNA for data storage
for several years now.
But the process so far has
been incredibly manual.
Literally, people moving around
with pipettes in their hands.
So the only way we're going to
make DNA data storage scale up
to be usable and go mainstream
is by automating it.
And what we've done with this,
with the project that you're
going to learn more
about now is showing
that it's possible to automate
the entire process from bits
to molecules and back to bits.
>> The writing process takes
your data file and encodes
those ones and zeros into
A's, C's, T's, and G's.
Those A's, C's, T's,
and G's are actually
what gets sent to
the device itself.
>> You're looking at the matrix
right now, the real matrix.
>> Every base that flows into a
column incorporates itself onto
a strand of DNA.
So once all the DNA bases
have been incorporated
into the strands on
the column, the strands
need to be removed
from the column.
So we pump a chemical
mixture into the column,
which frees them from
their solid support,
and pushes them into a
liquid storage bottle.
So once we decide to read
the data off the DNA,
the read master mix is applied
to the DNA storage pool.
That master mix prepares
the DNA to be read.
Now that the DNA is
readable, it gets
pumped into the read device,
where it gets translated
into A's, C's, T's, and
G's, sequences the computer
can understand.
Those sequences then get decoded
back into ones and zeros.
>> And I think the other thing
that's interesting to realize
about this result, too, is that
this might be pointing to a new
kind of computer system that
has an electronic component
and a molecular component.
So you use molecules for
what they're good at,
use electronics for
what they are good at,
and then you integrate them
and show that is actually
possible to build
a system that has
dry electronics, wet
molecules, and they together
do something amazing.
>> The next level
is the atomic level.
And this is important when
you're talking about star gates
and portals.
So scientists discovered
that they can now
write data directly onto
each individual atom.
So as you know, we have
billions of atoms that
make up the human body avatar.
Imagine writing data onto
each individual atom.
So when you're talking
about these beings
being extremely
advanced, and being
able to live all these
years, and knowing
all this information,
imagine if you
were able to transmit
information directly
onto each atom in your body.
And you're walking around with
100 trillion zettabytes of data
that you have access
to at any given time,
your own internal internet.
So when anybody
asks you a question,
the answer is
instantaneously given,
because pretty much
uploading it from your atoms
directly into your conscious
and spitting it out.
You would appear to be a god.
You're going to appear
to be an alpha and omega.
I know everything,
and I'm everywhere.
And I know it.
There's nothing I can't answer.
And it's all based
on technology.
And this type of technology
is happening already.
We're already now with a--
the experiment mimics the way
a magnetic disk of a hard drive
works.
The tiny magnets on those
disks point either up or down.
And the orientation
conveys binary information.
So basically what they do
is they use a magnetic field
on an atom.
And when they apply a
magnetic field to it,
they get the atom to
spin up or spin down.
How do you create
zeros and ones?
Spin up, and spin down.
So when you get a
spin up, it's a one.
A spin down is a zero.
So you spin down, down, down.
That's 0, 0, 0.
Up, up, up is 1, 1, 1.
Now between that you
can make computer code.
And a computer code can be
transferred into a computer
and read just like
you're reading a book.
And now you have software
programming coming out
of atoms.
So you can write data
directly onto atoms
by this method of
magnetism with a needle
that's smaller than the
width of the atom itself.
And then you can write data
onto an atom and store it there.
Amazing stuff.
And don't forget
one important piece
that was said by one of the
scientists in a previous video.
He said that DNA can be
accessible for millions
of years.
That's important when we
get further down into this.
Now let's talk about
quantum computing,
because these star gates
and portals, in my opinion,
run off of some type of
quantum-based computer.
>> Bits, which can be
either zero or one.
Now, in contrast, a quantum
computer uses quantum bits,
or qubits.
And they can be both zero
and one at the same time.
And it is this that
gives a quantum computer
its superior computing power.
There are a number
of physical objects
that can be used as a qubit--
a single photon, a
nucleus, or an electron.
I met up with
researchers who are
using the outermost electron
in phosphorus as a qubit.
But how does that work?
Well, all electrons
have magnetic fields.
So they're basically
like tiny bar magnets.
And this property
is called spin.
If you place them
in a magnetic field,
they will align with that
field, just like a compass
needle lines up with the
magnetic field of the Earth.
Now, this is the
lowest energy state.
So you could call
it the zero state,
or we call it for the
electron spin down.
Now, you can put it in a
one state or a spin up,
but that takes some energy.
>> If you took out the
glass from the compass,
you could turn the
needle the other way,
but you would have to
apply some force to it.
You have to push it to
flip to the other side.
And that is the
highest energy state.
In principle, if you were
so delicate to really
put it exactly against
the magnetic field,
it would stay there.
>> Now, so far, this is
basically just like a classical
bit.
It's got two states--
spin up and spin down--
which is like a
classical one and zero.
But the funny thing
about quantum objects
is that they can be in
both states at once.
Now, when you measure the spin,
it will be either up or down.
But before you measure
it, the electron
can exist in what's called a
quantum superposition, where
these coefficients indicate the
relative probability of finding
the electron in one
state or the other.
Now, it's hard to
imagine how this enables
the incredible computing
power of quantum computers
without considering two
interacting quantum bits.
>> Hello.
>> Hi.
Now there are four possible
states of these two electrons.
You could think
that, well, that's
just like two bits of a
classical computer, right?
If you have two bits, you
can write 0-0, 0-1, 1-0, 1-1.
That's four numbers.
But these are still just
two bits of information.
All I need to say to determine
which one of the four numbers
you have in your computer code
is the value of the first bit
and the value of the second bit.
Here instead quantum
mechanics allows
me to make superposition of
each one of these four states.
So I can write a quantum
mechanical state,
which is perfectly
legitimate, that
is some coefficient times
this plus some coefficient
times that plus some
coefficient times that
plus some coefficient.
So to determine the state
of this two-spin system,
I need to give you four
numbers, four coefficients,
whereas in the classical
example of the two bits,
I only need to
give you two bits.
So this is how you understand
why two qubits actually contain
four bits of information.
I need to give you four
numbers to tell you
the state of this system,
whereas here I only need two.
If we make three spins, we would
have eight different states.
I need to give you
eight different numbers
to define the state
of those three spins,
whereas classical
is just three bits.
If you keep going,
what you'll find
is that the amount of equivalent
classical information contained
by n qubits is 2 to the
power n classical bits.
And of course, the
power of exponentials
tells you that once
you have, let's
say, 300 of those qubits
in what we call the fully
entangled state-- so you must
be able to create these really
crazy states where there is
a superposition of all 300
being one way, and another way,
and another way, and so on.
Then you have like 2
to 300 classical bits,
which is as many particles
as there are in the universe.
>> But there there's a catch.
Although--
>> The rest of it kind of just
ends right there pretty much.
But this is important to
understand, because you need
to be entangled, number one.
So we're going to talk
about quantum entanglement.
When you have that
many particles
quantum entangled, which we're
going to define in a minute
if you don't know
what that means.
And then you have
these superpositions
of all these different
states, now you
have the capability of creating
wormholes, stable portals
to get anywhere you want,
because you have the coding
needed to make it happen.
If you have the coordinates
to these particular
superpositions, it
can be a superposition
that takes you even to
a different dimension.
It doesn't even have to be
another third-dimensional
location.
It could be a
multidimensional location,
because when you go
into superposition,
all states exist
at once, especially
if you can get to n--
to that power of n 200 bits.
So it's really powerful,
and it's really important
to understand that,
in my opinion,
after researching these + 3
and researching technology,
how we're working
it right now, they
have incorporated a quantum
computing system in collusion
with this ability to integrate
this DNA storage capacity using
the DNA of the person walking
through as the storage
information, because, remember,
when you walk through a portal,
the information
has to be stored.
Every single spin rate,
every single atom,
every location of
it on the XYZ axis
has to be stored and maintained.
Otherwise, you won't come out
on the other end in one piece.
The same thing
with teleportation.
In teleportation, when-- you
know, "Beam me up, Scotty."
Well, in teleportation,
when we do it even now,
and this has been
known for a long time,
the person that started
off at point A dies.
So the person that ends up
at the teleported point,
the destination is
a copy, a facsimile.
So in teleportation,
the first thing,
whatever it is, if
it's a particle,
if it's an animal, an insect,
a human being, whatever it is,
it's destroyed.
It must be destroyed at
point A. Point B is a copy.
So this is the big thing.
But how do you get your
consciousness back?
How do you get--
it's all about storage capacity.
With this storage capacity,
anything is possible.
Without it, you don't come
out on the other side.
So right now we're
just doing molecules,
but now with the DNA hard drive
and with quantum computing,
you're going to see us
teleporting inanimate objects
within the next five
years to the space
station and other places.
And then you're going
to see eventually
small organic compounds.
And then once they're satisfied
with the organic compounds
after a little bit
of time, then you're
going to see small--
unfortunately,
they always go to the animals.
So they're going
to go to animals.
They're going to use animals,
probably mice and so forth,
right?
And then, eventually,
human beings.
That's going to happen
eventually at some point.
But unfortunately the
animals, they get the worst.
They always get experimented on.
I feel bad for them.
Now, we talk about
quantum entanglement.
Some of you have
seen this before.
Before we go into the
quasicrystal video,
quantum entanglement
is very important,
because quantum entanglement
has to do with something called
parabolic down conversion.
So parabolic down conversion
is when you take a laser,
and you use that laser to
phase shift two particles,
in this case maybe electrons,
to the same frequency.
And once you get them entangled
within that electromagnetic
frequency, you can
take one particle
to the other end of the universe
if you had the capability
to do it.
And whatever you change in
the particle local to you,
the other one will
change instantaneously.
So it always happens
the opposite.
So the one local to you,
if you put it into a spin
up position, the
one that-- it could
be 10 billion light years away.
It'll spin down.
If you change it to a spin
down, that one will spin up.
And by that method, you
can transfer information
back and forth.
So with my tech company,
if you didn't know,
I own a tech company called
First Class Space Agency.
And I'm doing a
white paper right now
on a quantum-entangled deep
space communications array.
And it's all based off of
crystal technology and quantum
entanglement.
So right now, if--
let's just say we already know
that within the next 10 years
we'll be traveling
out to the planets.
We're going out to Jupiter.
We're going out to Saturn.
15 years maybe tops.
Virgin Galactic is
really working on this.
He's got the two-way plane.
He's already done some
successful tests into space.
So what happens, though,
you're out that far.
It takes you a long
time to get there.
Now you're out that far.
You want to send a signal
back to Earth, a message back
to Earth, back to space
command, whatever.
And it's going to take 30 days.
Then you've got
to get a response
to get back, another 30 days
to get the response back.
That's at the speed of light.
So that's a big problem.
You need help,
assistance, or whatever.
Information traveling that
slow is a big problem.
How do you fix that problem?
So you've sent out in advance--
you've sent out
probes in advance
into space, into deep space.
And they are then connected
to this communications array.
They'll be very far
apart, but it'll still
be connected a lot quicker
than sending a signal to Earth.
And inside of those,
before they take off,
there will be
crystals in a quantum
entanglement with the home base
crystal for communications.
Those will then be what
you send your message to.
So if you're out
there by Jupiter,
you send a message to
the communications array.
The communications array,
the only delay you have now
is whatever it takes
to get from your ship
to the communications
array, which
can be a matter of
minutes or a few hours.
Once it gets to the
array, it's transmitted
to Earth instantaneously
bypassing the speed of light
without breaking the
theory of relativity.
And when it gets--
what happens is it's just a
matter of spin ups and spin
downs, which is decoded
at the home base on Earth.
And the message spits out of
a computer instantaneously.
Hey, we're out here.
We need more
supplies or whatever.
We ran out of fuel,
whatever it is.
Or we're safe, and we're OK.
So you do a deep space
quantum-entangled
communications array.
And now you can send a subspace
frequency instantaneously
and communicate
without having to worry
about waiting months,
and months, and months
for a response.
So quantum entanglement
is very powerful.
This is a 1 minute
and 48 second video.
Some of you may
have seen it before,
but it's very important to
understand what this means.
>> The great granddaddy of
wacky quantum weirdness is
entanglement.
If time reversal symmetry
destroys the notion of time,
then entanglement crushes
our experience of space.
Two objects, two electrons
created together are entangled.
Send one to the other
side of the universe.
Now do something to one, and
the other responds instantly.
Instantly.
So either information is
traveling infinitely fast,
or in reality, they
are still connected.
They are entangled.
And since everything was
entangled at the moment
of the Big Bang, that means
everything is still touching.
Space is just a construct that
gives the illusion that there
are separate objects.
Are we far enough down
the rabbit hole yet?
>> So everything is
still touching, right?
So electrons are
also intelligent,
as we learned the other
day in my previous class.
Electrons have the
capability of making
decisions, conscious decisions.
Everything is conscious.
So we look at the
double slit experiment.
And in the double
slit slit experiment,
we sent electrons through
two little microscopic slits
to see what it would do
when it hit the back wall.
Would it create a
digital pattern or wave
on the back wall?
Well, what happened was
when we weren't looking,
it created a wave
pattern on the back wall,
which means that the electrons
became electromagnetic waves
and operated as a wave function,
and not digital bits of data.
When we looked at it, when
we put a looking device there
to see it go through
the slits, the electrons
decided to change back
to a digital pattern.
So the prospect of observing,
conscious observation
of electrons, changed
the way they behave.
They decided to do something
different based off
of conscious intervention.
So by that method we see
how consciousness interacts
with the subatomic world to
help create our own reality.
We are actually co-creators
in this reality.
And on top of that, based
on what we just saw,
we now know that all particles
are still connected, which
means that nothing is separate.
We're connected.
Separation is an illusion, what
I was talking about earlier.
It's all an illusion.
We're all on the same grid,
and we're all connected.
We appear to be separate.
And we're still
99.999% empty space.
There's 7.5 billion
people on Earth.
And if I took away
all the empty space
in all the atoms
of all the people,
I can fit everyone into
one sugar cube, all people.
So we're not even here.
Now, what creates
this third dimension?
We know we're connected.
We know that information
can be stored
inside the human body for
the purpose of transmitting
ourselves to other realms.
We know that quantum computers
can handle that programming
and that trajectory to get
us to these different super
positions.
Now let's talk about
what is the shadow that
creates the third dimension.
The third dimension is a
shadow of a higher dimension.
So let's talk about
that for a second.
>> It also has a pattern,
but it isn't periodic.
So it's not a crystal.
But there's a deep
connection between the 2D
object on the sand and
the 3D mother crystal.
This distorted 2D pattern
is called a quasicrystal.
A quasicrystal in a certain
dimension, in this case, 2D,
is a projection of a crystal
in a higher dimension,
in this case 3D.
A group of physicists
in Los Angeles
is working on a new physics
theory for a particular 8D
crystal.
Yep, that's right, an
eight-dimensional crystal
is projected to 4D at a
very particular angle,
which forms a 4D quasicrystal.
And from this 4D
quasicrystal, they
derive a 3D quasicrystal,
which they believe
is the fundamental
substructure of all of reality.
>> So we see--
hopefully, you see where
we're going with this.
Now let's unpack a tesseract,
because a tesseract
is a very important
part of ancient history.
In my opinion, it's
what was involved,
or what was inside of
the Ark of the Covenant,
a four-dimensional cube.
And we're going to
talk a little bit
about a four-dimensional
cube, because it's
a cube of unparalleled power.
And it gives you the access to
the past, present, and future,
and any location you want to
be in all at the same time.
So this is something
that's encapsulated
in something called Metatron's
cube, if you've ever
heard of that.
That's inside the
Flower of Life.
So let's take a
quick peek at this.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
We're unpacking the
fourth dimension
from two-dimensional space.
>> 528 DNA
>> By the way, that's my
first song I ever produced.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
So when you unpack a
fourth-dimensional cube
into three-dimensional
space, you get a cross.
The cross is the same cross
as the Templar's cross,
and some other
crosses that you're
going to see, another very
important sign that you're
going to see in a little bit.
But you get a cross
when you unpack
a fourth-dimensional cube,
which is Metatron's cube, which
is considered by the
Ancients to be an archangel.
Michael, the archangel.
I'm just saying.
Everything from the ancient
times when you listen to it
and you compare it then to
a modern day understanding
of science, physics,
and technology,
you begin to see how they were
using words and terminologies
to the best of their ability to
explain the things that we're
now explaining or showing out
to be technology or science.
But think about a
fourth-dimensional cube.
Who here saw "Interstellar"?
So he got into a
tesseract on his way
back when the ship was going
through that weird space.
He came out of the ship.
He didn't die.
He ended up inside
of a tesseract.
He ended up inside of this.
This is what he was inside of,
a fourth-dimensional cube that
was unpacked.
And then he was able to see
the past, present, and future
all at once.
And how can that be?
How can you see the past,
present, and future at once?
Well, just think about
it from our perspective,
if you are looking at a one
dimensional object, which
is a line on a
piece of paper, you
being from the third
dimension can see the line.
Look at it.
Look at the front of it.
Look at the back of it.
If you draw a two-dimensional
object on a piece of paper,
like a house, or even
use a computer to do it,
that's still two dimensional.
Even though it may appear
to be three, it's only two.
You can see in the house.
You can see the
back of the house.
You can look in the rooms,
the closets, the bathroom,
everything.
There's no privacy.
You're in the third dimension.
You control.
You dominate the
second dimension.
And the second dimension
and the first dimension
has no idea you even exist.
Now, imagine being in
the fourth dimension.
You're in a tesseract.
You're able to see the
past, present, and future
all at once.
You're able to dominate
the third dimension.
We wouldn't even know if
a fourth-dimensional being
was walking on stage
with me right now.
We couldn't perceive that
fourth-dimensional being
from our perspective, right?
Now, imagine, that this
whole hotel is spacetime.
Now, imagine yourself
in this room,
and the other room you went
to earlier, and another room
you went to earlier, another
room you went to earlier, all
at the same time.
But in reality, you were
there in different times.
So a fourth dimensional
being would see you
in every single one
of those conferences
that you were at, the lectures
you went to today all at once.
And you'd be a
little bit younger
in this one, a little
bit older in this one,
because time has passed
in the third dimension,
but a fourth-dimensional being
would be able to see that.
Fifth dimension, sixth
dimension, all the way on up.
Every dimension you
go up, you dominate
over the smaller, or the
younger, or the lower
dimensions.
And according to
quantum physics,
there's 11 dimensions that
make up this entire universe.
According to
theoretical physicists,
without 11 dimensions, this
universe would collapse.
Maybe it has something to
do with the power of 11.
I mean, we see it all
the time, that 11:11.
But maybe it has
something to do with it.
Maybe we're in
synchronicity with
the universal consciousness.
And that's why we're
seeing 11's all the time.
But 11 dimensions is
what we're talking about.
So according to the
ancients, ascended masters
would ascend to
the 11th dimension.
I mean, if you go to
the ancient history
and you come to
the modern history,
and Michio Kaku was
saying the same thing
that these ancient sages were
saying thousands of years ago.
It's really amazing.
And then we have the
Merkaba, which we talk about
in the Mystery School.
So we're going to talk a little
bit about the Merkaba today.
The Merkaba is
another method used
by the ancients for travel.
They would travel in a
counter-rotating tetrahedron,
which is two pyramids, one
on top, one on the bottom,
that would counter-rotate.
It's like a light vessel.
So they would
actually be able to go
into a specific
type of meditation,
and get into this light
vehicle, and travel
throughout the universe.
Some with the physical body, and
some only with consciousness.
So in my book, "Thoth
the Atlantean,"
he talks about the
capability of getting
into this light vehicle.
And he would travel the world--
the universe.
He actually says he
went to many worlds,
and he watched
civilizations rise and fall.
How can you watch many
civilizations rise
and fall without aging?
His mind is outside of space.
Mind is outside of time.
So what may have been thousands
of years for one civilization,
or maybe even tens of
thousands of years,
could have only been
just a few moments
for Thoth in that
particular mind state,
because the mind is
outside of spacetime.
When I studied remote
viewing with Major Ed Dames,
if you don't know who that
is, look up Project Stargate.
He's the guy who taught
me in remote viewing.
And in remote viewing,
you discover quickly
house how good mind is
outside of time and space.
You get a target
in remote viewing.
And remote viewing is when you
take your mind to a target,
to find a target, and bring
back intel on that target.
So the first test that I had,
the target is just a number.
Now, I had no idea what
the target was going to be,
where it was, if it
was even on Earth.
It was just a number.
They give you a number.
They know what the target is.
You just get a number.
And with that number, you have
to go through this particular
process of this awaken,
half-sleep, meditation,
where you really--
it's almost like an
Edgar Cayce type thing,
but not as deep
as Edgar Cayce got
in terms of his wakefulness.
You were a little
bit more awake,
because you have to stop
and write information down.
But what's really amazing
is on my very first test,
I drew this big,
oblong, kind of a circle
with this squiggly line
coming off the bottom.
And when they sent
me my results,
it was a hot air balloon
with the rope coming down
to the ground.
And so based on that
is why he decided
he wanted to be my trainer.
So remote feeling is real.
And it's what I use to find
a lot of anomalies on Mars
when I go to the space data.
Instead of spending
hours upon hours
upon hours, which I used to
do with a magnifying glass,
going centimeter
by centimeter, I
started remote viewing images.
So I would take
the target number.
The target number would be
whatever the NASA image number
would be, or the Caltech
number for the image,
or the European Space
Agency number for the image.
And then from there, I
would do a remote viewing.
And I would search for anomalies
based on those targets.
And then I would
go to the image,
and I would go almost
directly to each anomaly
that I wanted to
find, and I would then
catalog them into the database.
So we'll talk about that.
And we'll show some of those
space anomalies tonight.
So the tesseract.
Hollywood has hid the
tesseract in plain sight.
The tesseract is the
fourth-dimensional cube
that we just talked about.
It's been called the
cosmic cube, the hypercube.
It appeared in
"Avengers, Infinity War,"
"Captain America: the First
Avenger," "A Wrinkle in Time,"
"Iron Man 2," "X-Men,"
"The Matrix," "Thor,"
"The Avengers," "Interstellar,"
"The Dark World Prelude,"
"Transformers."
And they even called one
of the characters Megatron
after Metatron, you
know what I mean?
They always try to hide
the truth in plain sight.
Then you have the tesseract
more recently debuted
"A Wrinkle in Time," also
known as the cosmic cube.
That's the one that Oprah
Winfrey was involved in.
It's an enchanted object
of unparalleled power.
Metatron was originally
a human elevated
to archangel by
the god-- this is
according to the Ancients--
for his services as a scribe.
The foremost communicator
between humans and the divine.
He is best known for his cube.
To understand the meaning
of sacred geometry symbols,
Metatron's cube is based on
a deceptively simple pattern
called the Fruit of Life,
13 connected circles, which
is in the concentrated
ancient Flower of Life,
inscribed on the walls of
the Assyrian temple at Abydos
in Egypt.
I'll show you that
a little bit later.
The Flower of Life is a
specific, rarely repeating
pattern of circles rotating
around a central point.
And it contains a vast
Akashic system of information.
That's what stores the
Akashic information.
It's inside the Flower of Life
symbol, which in my opinion
is also what I call
the face of God,
including the templates
for five platonic solids,
key sacred shapes, which are
the building blocks of creation.
So to sum it up,
the sacred geometric
shapes forming the life
begins as an ovum, a sphere,
becomes a tetrahedron, then
a star tetrahedron, then
a cube, another sphere,
and finally a torus.
Metatron's cube is
also known, to me,
as what was inside of
the Ark of the Covenant.
Let's just take a quick
look at this clip.
>> Talk to me, doctor.
>> Director.
>> Is there anything
we know for certain?
>> The tesseract is misbehaving.
>> Is that supposed to be funny?
>> No, it's not funny at all.
The tesseract is
not only active.
She's behaving.
>> I assumed you
pulled the plug.
>> She's an energy source.
We turn off the power.
She turns it back on.
If she reaches peak level--
>> We're prepared
for this, doctor,
harnessing energy from space.
>> We don't have the harness.
My calculations are
far from complete.
She's throwing off
interference, radiation.
Nothing harmful, low
levels of gamma radiation.
>> That can be harmful.
Where's agent Barton?
>> The Hawk?
Up in his nest as usual.
>> Agent Barton, report.
I gave you this
detail so you could
keep a close eye on things.
>> Two things that
happened in that clip.
He called the energy
source-- the other scientist,
he called it a she.
She keeps the power on.
She, she, she, she.
You know why?
Because, as I talk about in
some of my previous classes
for other things, the
energy source emanating out
of the vesica piscis, which
is part of the Flower of Life
is a feminine energy.
The energy that comes out
of the womb of creation
is a feminine energy.
It interacts with masculine
energy for balance.
But the energy that
creates everything
in this entire third
dimension comes from a womb.
That's very important
to understand.
What we've done as men
is we've taken control
and dominated this planet.
And we've suppressed and
oppressed women, and taken away
the feminine divine, taken
away this whole female energy.
And the evidence of
this, just go to Cairo.
Who's been to Cairo?
Everything is brown.
There's only one color.
There's no flowers and plants.
There's garbage in the streets.
Everything is dirty.
Everything is filthy.
There's dirt.
There's garbage
dumped in the Nile.
The canals are full
of muck and dirt.
And yeah, you know why?
Because the women there are
heavily, heavily oppressed.
They can't even-- all they
can show is their eyeballs.
That's it.
And when I went to a
register to buy some oils,
the woman couldn't look at me.
She had to give me
my change like this.
That's how oppressed they are.
So you see the removal of the
feminine energy in that one
little area, and you see
what happens to the area.
It becomes a gigantic
bachelor pad.
I mean, it is what it is.
You have to have balance.
There's a role from a man.
There's a role for a woman.
There's a role for
these energies.
We both emit energy.
And there's no
balance over there.
You can see it.
So you can just imagine--
just extrapolate that.
Back in the day with the
temples, and everything else,
women weren't even
allowed to go into temple.
They weren't allowed to
go inside of churches.
They weren't allowed to talk.
They weren't allowed to vote.
All the suppression and
oppression putting down.
Look at all the wars we have.
Do you think we would've had
all these wars if there were
some female rulers and kings?
Like back in the day, we had
Queen Tiye in the Land of Kem?
There was a peace and
harmony at that time.
That was King Tut's grandmother.
People were all into
arts, and theater,
and learning how to be in
oneness with themselves.
And that's when
we got taken over,
unfortunately, because
we were so nice.
Somebody said, wait a minute.
They too easy.
And Egypt was taken
over seven times.
People don't know that.
Seven times Egypt was conquered.
But you look at it.
What if the world
was balanced more
with the feminine and
masculine energies?
I think we'd have a
much different world.
Right now, it's
over male dominated,
in my personal opinion.
And because of that, the
energy balance is off.
And it's clear to see,
very clear to see.
That's just my take on it.
Now, where does
the energy source
come from for these star gates?
Energy source, so
let's look at that.
The energy source comes
from the body as well.
Scientists concluded that
the average human body
contains approximately
37.5 trillion cells.
Each cell generates 0.07
volts of electricity.
At 37.5 trillion cells,
that's 2.63 trillion volts
of electricity in
one human body.
Each one of us is a
walking nuclear explosion.
That's in your body, 2.63
trillion volts of electricity.
So the power source is here.
The memory source is here.
The ability for the quantum
mode, the quantum computing
is also inside of us.
Why?
Because it's inside
of our consciousness.
We have built-in
quantum computers.
We have the ability
to process qubits.
The quantum computers
we're developing now
are being built
to try to imitate
human consciousness, the
ability to be in superposition,
and have--
our brains are
multi-dimensional.
We are-- it's
already been proven
that our synapses phase in
and out of the third dimension
randomly.
And they don't even
know where they go.
Well, they're going
to other dimensions.
That's where they're going.
Just like gravity, gravity drops
down from multiple dimensions
before it gets to
the third density.
And that's why gravity is
the weakest force in science.
Because by the time it gets
to us, it's been diluted.
That's why you can take
a very small magnet
and pick it up with
another magnet.
You can pull against Earth's
gravity with another magnet,
because gravity is
the weakest force.
Right now the human
body has enough power
to create the energy needed
to jump through a portal,
and to hold open a
stable portal as well.
This is how you can have
a portal or a star gate
somewhere that-- we're going
to look at some of them that
look like just plain rock.
Where's the energy source?
So we're going to look at that.
It's coming from the human body.
This is something we all have.
We have the torus energy
field around our body.
All these are the same
thing, the Shri Yantra.
The Shri Yantra,
if you look at it,
it's really a
64-grid tetrahedron,
which is what you see
inside the Flower of Life.
And the 64-grid tetrahedron
encapsulates something
called the vector equilibrium.
And the vector
equilibrium is a source
of unparalleled free
energy, free power.
Free energy exists
at every Planck unit
in spacetime around us,
in us, and through us
every single where.
And then you can see that that's
what the Shri Yantra represents
as well.
The Merkaba are the
dimensions of the human body.
You can get into a
star tetrahedron,
but it also can be
represented as your aura.
Right now every single one of
us is emitting this torus energy
field around our body.
Some are projecting it maybe
8 to 10 feet away, some 15,
some people even 20 feet.
This is why when somebody
can walk into a room,
and you can say you
can feel their energy.
That's not a fake statement.
That's a real statement.
You can feel somebody's energy
when they walk into a room,
because their energy transmits
to your energy field.
So let's take a look at
the secret of 3, 6, and 9
from Nikola Tesla real quick.
I think we're making good time.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
You're going to find these same
angles in the pyramid codes
that we're going to look
at for portals soon here.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
One of the keys here, one of
the keys here to understand
is he says the key to
the universe, the key.
Portals and star
gates require keys.
And now we're building
up the Flower of Life.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> That's cell
division, too, right?
>> Yeah.
Mitosis.
This can be considered
mitosis and cell division.
This is how you create
a biological avatar, how
you create a human body,
through this exact same method.
You can build building
structures, planets, humans,
ants, laptops, whatever you want
to build through this method.
Replace each one-- put
a tetrahedron inside
of each one of those spheres.
And you begin to create the grid
that creates all of the matrix
that we're living in.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
The secret to this
and why it's important
is because this is
how you get your codes
to get to your locations.
It's all based off
of this 3, 6, 9.
This is how you build
a stable portal that
stays open with these codes.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Now you have your axes.
Now, you'll get to see
this again on Gaia.com.
And pause it and go
through it if you really
want to analyze some of
the mathematics in it.
These codes that Nikola Tesla
understood and came up with
and that we're now
rediscovering are ancient codes.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Some of the numbers
at the bottom
are kind of small there
for you to see, probably.
>> They must be
oscillating as well.
>> Yeah, absolutely.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Now, we're going to reduce
the diameter of the orbs
so we can see which
ones are actually
attracting to each other.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Like charges will repel.
It's a polarized tetrahedron.
So now you're
stabilizing the ability
to access the vector
equilibrium, which
is the power source, an
unparalleled, unlimited power
source.
This is important.
One of the biggest problems we
have in wormholes and star gate
technology that we try
to experiment with now
is keeping it open.
Creating a stable wormhole
is very hard to do.
This is the mathematics
that will keep a portal,
a star gate actually open.
>> Are they doing this at CERN?
>> Yep.
That's what I was
going to get into.
That's what they're
doing at CERN.
So at CERN, they have a
Large Hadron Collider.
And it literally
smashes atoms together
and creates microscopic
black holes.
So in CERN, they have something
called the Large Hadron
Collider.
And the Large Hadron Collider,
it's one of the largest--
I think it is the largest
machine on Earth, actually.
It's about four miles in
diameter, underground.
And what it does is they
send a particle one way.
They send another
particle the other way
at the speed of light.
And then they smash
them together.
And by smashing
them together, they
get to see what those
particles are made of.
You get smaller, smaller
particles, tiny, I mean,
microscopic particles.
But you also can create
microscopic black holes.
So at one point,
people were very scared
that one of these black
holes would become stable.
And then the whole Earth
would get sucked into it.
I mean, it sounds
crazy, but it's actually
something to really consider.
You know what I mean?
Black holes, we don't really
fully understand them.
But so far, these
microscopic black holes
only last for a
very small amount
of time, Planck units
of moments of time.
So this is a little bit where we
were talking about earlier when
we were showing these fields.
You have a galaxy,
which has a torus field.
The Earth has a torus
field based off of magnets.
And the human body,
trees with roots,
I mean, on the cellular
level and the DNA level.
Everything operates within this.
As above, so below.
And the Ancients have
figured this out,
and have been able
to incorporate
the capability of integrating a
human body with its own field,
which has its own code.
Every one of us has
our own unique coded
field, just like a fingerprint.
And this is why
only specific people
were allowed to walk
through these star gates,
because they had to have their
code programmed into the gate.
This toroidal structure
of the human energy field
has been mapped out by the
Institute of HeartMath.
They've used sensitive
electrocardiographs
to measure the
electromagnetic pulses that
emanate from the center
of our torus, the heart.
The field generated was
measured to extend up
to 12 feet around
the human body.
And they discovered that
the human and other animals
can sense this energy
field when in close
proximity to each other.
So this is a real field.
It's not fake.
It's a real thing
that actually happens.
History has talked
about the Merkaba.
It's a vehicle that
allows a person
to ascend or descend into
higher or lower worlds.
But actually, the Merkabah, or
Merkaba, as some people say it,
is much more than just
a vehicle of ascension.
It can literally be
anything, since it
is the primal
pattern that created
all things in all universes,
both visible and invisible.
In the Bible there
is a reference
in Ezekiel in the
wheels by which
Ezekiel ascended into heaven.
In the Torah, there's a
reference to the Merkavah,
which is the way the
Hebrews spell it,
which has two
different meanings.
One meaning is a chariot,
and the other is a vehicle.
It's a vehicle.
The other is a throne of God.
When the two definitions
are combined,
the true meaning comes to life.
In ancient Egypt
this primal pattern
was called the
Merkabah or Merkaba.
And it actually is three words.
Mer meant the kind of light
that rotated within itself.
Ka means spirit, and
of course-- in the case
referring to the human spirit.
And the bah meant
the human body.
So it could mean
that this concept
of reality that
the spirit holds,
and also the entire
world and ancient Egypt
referred to as the
rotating light that
could take the spirit body
from one world into another.
Ironically, the atomic
structure of gold
is the geometric shape of
the star tetrahedron, a.k.a.
the Merkaba.
And this Merkaba,
this light vessel,
this ability to travel to other
dimensions and through portals
is known since ancient times.
It became a symbol of a race,
or being God's chosen people.
But in true reality, it's
even deeper than that.
The Star of David, the Star of
David is a star tetrahedron.
It's a Merkaba.
A lot of people who
wear the Star of David
think it's just saying,
oh, I'm the chosen one,
and we were the chosen
people, and things like that.
But it's actually deeper, even
much more deeper than that.
So a Star of David,
Hebrew, Magen David,
which is also known as
the shield of David,
the Jewish symbol
composed of two
overlaid equilateral triangles
form a six-pointed star.
It appears on synagogues,
Jewish tombstones, and the flag
of the state of Israel.
The symbol, which historically
was not limited to use by Jews,
originated in
antiquity, when side
by side with the
five-pointed star
it served as a magical
sign or a declaration.
In the Middle Ages,
the Star of David
appeared with a greater
frequency among Jews,
but did not assume any special
religious significance.
It is found as well in
some medieval cathedrals.
And the term Magen David,
which in Jewish liturgy
signifies god as the protector
or the shield of David,
gained currency among
medieval Jewish mystics
who attached magical powers
to King David's shield,
just as earlier
magical traditions had
referred to the five-pointed
star as the seal of Solomon.
Kabbalists popularized
the use of the symbol
as a protection
against evil spirits.
The Jewish community
of Prague was
the first to use the Star of
David as its official symbol.
From the 17th century,
the sixth-pointed star
became the official seal
of many Jewish communities
and a general sign of Judaism.
Though it has no biblical
or Talmudic authority,
the star was almost
universally adopted by Jews
in the 19th century as a
striking and simple emblem
of Judaism.
The imitation of the cross of
Christianity, the yellow badge
that Jews were forced to wear
in the Nazi-occupied Europe
invested the Star of
David with a symbolism,
indicating martyrdom or heroism.
But the Star of David goes
much deeper than that.
This is just on the surface.
It's actually much deeper.
It's talking about
in ancient times,
if you go into the
ancient Ethiopian records,
they're talking
about the Merkaba.
And the Ethiopian
records, which is
where I'll be, because I'm
going to Ethiopia to look
at the temple, the
Lalibela temples, which
are gigantic mountains that were
carved from the outside going
in to create this
gigantic temple complex.
There's another one
duplicated just like it
in India called the
Kailash Temples.
So I'm going to go to both and
document both technologies that
were used to make those.
However, in Ethiopia, you
have the original Jews there.
And they have the original
Torah and the original temples,
and the original story
about the Merkaba,
which is this star tetrahedron.
What's really ironic
is these people
are darker than
this remote control.
And they still speak
Hebrew to this day
and have the original
documents, as well as
one of the original bibles that
has the book of Enoch in it
as well.
One of the very few
bibles that actually
contains the book of Enoch.
Yeah, the other
books, of course,
have eliminated
the book of Enoch.
The Dogon tribe out
of Mali, Africa,
they were the original
inhabitants of the land of Kem.
And they had interacted
directly with the Nommo, who
came from Sirius
B, a star system
that we just learned to see
in the 1970s with technology
through observatories.
And they learned about
the moving stars.
They learned about every planet
in our solar system, the shape,
the sizes, and the colors.
They learned about
other star systems
as well from these Nommo.
And they kept it
in their traditions
and handed it down for
thousands of years.
And it's really
amazing what they
were able to acquire,
this information.
This information is still
kept to this very day.
The area that I went to just
a few weeks ago in Australia--
I was out in the
bush in Australia,
about eight miles
out into the bush,
and I went there to
document this place that
had proto-Egyptian hieroglyphs
out in the middle of Australia.
And the name of the
place is the same name
as the original settlement
for the Dogon in Mali, Africa.
They gave the place
the same name.
These settlers gave the
place the same exact name
as an ancient name
for the Dogon.
And so that's
really interesting.
And then you had
the proto-Sumerian
verified by scholars.
Proto-Sumerian etched into stone
at this makeshift temple way
out in the bush in Australia.
So I went out there, because
the fires were there, obviously.
And one site got
destroyed, unfortunately.
It was a site with
8,000-year-old cave paintings.
And it wasn't
documented properly.
So I was like, I have to
definitely make it out here.
So I got out there.
I took a good crew,
some really good guides,
indigenous guides, trained
guides that know the area,
know to respect the land.
And we went out, and we
documented these hieroglyphs.
So I'm working on it.
It's called "The Gosford
Glyph Documentary."
And it should be coming out
probably in about two months.
So we've been investigating
the Dogon's adinkra art.
And so this adinkra
art, when you take it
from a two-dimensional look into
a three-dimensional platform,
then it becomes something
totally different.
So James S. Gates,
Professor James S. Gates
at the university-- he was with
the University of Maryland.
He's somewhere else now.
But he was a former scientific
advisor to Obama, actually.
He's a theoretical physicist
and an expert in supersymmetry.
He put together a super
team of scientists.
And they discovered that these
adinkra codes are actually
something called
error-correcting codes
in modern science.
And these error-correcting
codes are the same exact codes
that run search engines,
browsers, and websites.
So they discovered that
the ether of spacetime
runs off adinkra codes.
So we're living
in a realm that's
governed by program codes
that work on your computers.
Of course, as above, so below.
Something I brought
up yesterday.
It's really important
to understand
from an advanced being level,
understanding how powerful this
is that electrons orbit
the nucleus of an atom,
and planets orbit their suns.
And because an electron
is conscious-- we
know this from the
double slit experiment--
we must assume then that
planets are also conscious.
And this is also taken into
consideration by the Ancients
with their technology.
If you look at Ancient
technology from these
into Anunnaki Atlantean
people, it always
integrated with nature.
You never-- you
don't see structures
that we build in ancient times.
They built things that
literally molded in or meshed in
or worked directly with
nature, like the Great Pyramid
being a gigantic power
generator of many things, just
one of many things.
But built on top of an
aquifer in a way that
allowed it to extract
physio-static electricity
from the moving water
underneath the pyramid,
and moving it into
different chambers
to create this electricity,
this wireless electricity
able to come through
the capstone.
So they understood that the
planets were living beings.
They knew how to harness the
energy from these beings,
and harness the energy
from their power, their ley
lines, and their energy sources,
where the magnetic would lay.
And it's really
important to understand
that if an electron is
conscious, so is a planet.
But if you look at the atomic
structure of gold, which
is Au on the periodic
table of elements,
you see that it's a Merkaba.
Very interesting.
>> Wow.
>> Being that gold is
a technological device.
A technological
element, I should say.
So you need gold for technology.
Without gold, technology
is seriously lacking.
For example, space
travel, you have
to have microchips that
are radiation hardened,
but they are running
on gold circuit boards.
And the thing about
gold is when you
have a gold strand, you
put energy on the one end,
you get 100% energy
out on the other end.
You don't lose
anything in friction.
So it's almost like
silver as well.
Like if you have a virus, you
could put a drop of silver
on it.
It will kill a virus.
It destroys its
replication capabilities.
And gold is a great reflector.
So that's why you see
it on space helmets.
And you see it
also on satellites.
You see it everywhere.
And that whole We Buy Gold.
Remember, We Buy Gold, We
Buy Gold was everywhere.
At one time, it was like
every corner, We Buy Gold,
We Buy Gold.
People standing
outside with signs.
That was a government program.
Yeah, it was a
government program.
The government was behind it.
It's well doc--
anybody can look it up.
Yeah.
They were trying to reacquire
massive amounts of gold.
And they reacquired
millions of tons of gold.
So now we're going to talk
a little bit about the ankh,
and the importance of the ankh.
This symbol has got
multiple meanings,
but it's heavily involved
in star gate travel.
A lot of people
didn't know that.
We've kind of taken it now
to be it's cool jewelry.
It's nice to wear.
It's got an ankh on
instead of a cross.
Whatever your beliefs are.
But it's a cool thing
to have right now.
And just like how we would
mine gold for the Anunnaki,
and then we took on gold
as a decorative value.
Even till this
very day, we revere
gold for decoration versus
they were using it for-- now,
you need to get that gold
out of the ground for us,
because we're going to
use it for technology.
You can use it for decoration.
We're going to make you
think it's important.
In the book of Enoch,
you find this out
when they come down
and teach people
how to make jewelry from the
gold and things like that,
how to electroplate it,
and make themselves pretty,
and put on makeup and
all this other stuff.
They were like, we'll,
just wishy wash them
with that part of it.
And we'll take it and
use it for technology.
Make them vain, and they'll
get caught up in that.
And it worked.
So of course, the ankh
has several meanings.
The first, of course, is
it's the womb of mankind.
You have the uterus,
the womb of life.
In that top circle would
be the fetus, actually.
And it also represents sunrise
and sunset, the solstices,
the Fallopian tubes,
and the vaginal canal,
where life comes.
All life comes out of a womb.
Feminine energy.
You also have to realize that
the ankh itself is also--
a human reproductive system
is reverse of the ankh,
or reverse of the
human-- the female womb.
So everybody-- all life
starts as a female.
I don't know if you knew that,
but all life starts as female.
And then based on
your chromosomes,
you could develop into a male.
But if you look at the uterus
and you look at the male,
you see that the ovaries drop.
And the uterus inverts,
becomes a penis,
and the birth canal becomes
the other part of the-- you
can just see this.
It's obviously just reversed.
It's an inside out female
reproductive system
is what we men have pretty
much, to be honest with you.
But it goes deeper than that.
It goes deeper than that.
So let's take a look at the
scientific part of this.
So we're going to start
off with Nikola Tesla.
We might know this guy here.
He's a little bit famous now
for the conscious community.
We finally brought him
to his full stature
as a famous inventor
and a powerful person
in the ancient past.
Nikola Tesla rediscovered the
power of the djed pillar ankh.
These oscillators are
expressly intended
to operate on direct and
alternating lightning circuits,
and to generate damped
and undamped oscillations
or currents at any frequency,
the volume and tension
within its widest limits.
And they are compact,
self-contained,
require no care for
long periods of time,
and will be found very
convenient and useful
for various purposes as wireless
telegraphy and telephony,
conversion of electrical
energy, formation
of chemical compounds
through fusion,
and a combination of
synthesis and gases,
manufacture of ozone, lightning,
welding, municipal hospital
can use it, domestic
sanitation and sterilization,
and numerous other applications
in scientific laboratories
and industrial institutions.
While these transformers have
never been described before,
the general principles
underlying them
were fully set fourth in Tesla's
published articles of patents,
more particularly those
of September 22, 1896.
So what is he talking about?
What are we talking about here?
We're talking about
the Tesla coil.
So let's take a quick
look at the Tesla coil
and what it does.
And then we're
going to see how it
combines with the ankh
from ancient times.
>> The gist of the Tesla
coils, we're taking energy from
the wall, and we're
taking a low voltage,
and we're stepping it up with
a transformer to a really high
voltage.
>> It's a reverse of what a
normal transformer would do
from a power line.
>> Well, a transformer
can go either way.
They'll either step down
voltage, or step it up.
These step it up.
What makes a Tesla coil
what it is specifically
is this coil right here.
This is the secondary coil.
And the reason why
it's special is
because it's a tuned circuit.
So that means that
every time we put energy
into it at its
resonant frequency,
the voltage at the top load
becomes higher, and higher,
and higher until
eventually it gets so high
that it just wants to jump
right out of the toroid
through our breakout point.
And so these Tesla coils
are a little bit special.
They're not like
the Tesla coils that
Tesla himself used to make.
And the reason for
that is that they
use solid state parts, so like
transistors, and components,
and things that weren't
around in his day.
And so this machine is
more similar to what
we would know now as a
switched mode power supply,
or sort of like a
motor controller.
So down here in
this box, you see
we have DC voltage that comes
in from our power supply.
And we have a bank of
transistors in here.
And we also have a
bank of capacitors
that's hooked in series with
this primary coil right here.
And so basically,
what we're doing
is we're using those transistors
to switch the current
across this tank circuit.
And we're creating a really
high voltage on this primary.
And we're transferring energy
into the secondary coil
at its resonant frequency.
>> The primary coil
and secondary coil,
how are they connected?
How do they interact?
>> Yeah.
So they're actually
not connected.
So what we're
doing here is we're
creating a current on
this primary coil, which
ends up creating magnetic flux.
And that magnetic
flux ends up getting
coupled to the secondary, just
like a standard transformer.
>> And then in terms of scale,
what's different between
a small Tesla coil
and a bigger one?
And how do you get to
a big size Tesla coil?
>> I'd say that the
key difference--
and there's a lot of
little differences--
but the key difference is the
size of the silicon that you
need to make a big Tesla coil.
>> The solid state.
>> Yeah.
A big solid state coil.
And so a big solid state coil
like this uses a transistor.
>> That's a transistor?
>> That looks like that.
It's about the
size of your fist,
probably a little bit heavier.
>> Wow.
>> A small Tesla coil will use
a transistor sort of like that.
>> That looks a
little more familiar.
>> Yeah.
>> On the circuit board.
>> Yeah, exactly.
And so there's some
differences in the electronics
that you need to drive
something this large.
But I mean, that's mainly it.
One of these guys
costs about $400.
>> And you have several of
those in this bank right here.
>> Yeah.
And one of these guys
right here is probably $8.
>> So you can make one at home.
>> Yeah, you can
make one at home.
>> So electricity goes up.
It's high voltage.
Very high frequency as well.
>> Yeah, this thing oscillates
at about 40 kilohertz.
>> All right.
And then once it gets to
the top, what happens?
>> So the top load right
here is a capacitor.
And so basically it changes
the resonant frequency
of the secondary coil.
And it also helps us
store more energy.
And so that's one of
the interesting things
about Tesla coils.
The reason why
you don't see them
everywhere is because they're
notorious for interfering
with nearby
electronic equipment.
>> Right.
>> So if you install
it on a stage,
it can make your lights blink,
and it can make your mixing
consoles crackle.
And so the reason
why a Tesla coil
interferes with
other electronics
is because of this
top load up here.
And so this is a capacitor.
It's about 40 picofarad, which
is not a lot of capacitance.
But if you consider
that we're charging it
up to half a million volts, it's
holding a whole lot of energy.
>> Yeah.
>> And so when the arc arcs out
of the toroid and it strikes
a ground point, what happens
is the energy in this top load
and top load capacitance
discharges through the arc,
and it creates a really,
really high current surge.
And it makes a
huge burst of EMI.
And it rings the ground
lines and stuff like that.
And so that's why we developed
this piece right here.
And so what this piece is, it's
basically just an inductor.
And so we're using
it as a reactor.
So essentially what it's
doing is it's slowing down--
>> Remember that shape
that you just saw.
>> The rate that the energy
is allowed to discharge out
of the top load.
And so when the Tesla coil
strikes to a grounded object,
the current doesn't
peak nearly as high.
>> So by oscillating--
we were talking about
oscillation earlier--
they're oscillating the
frequency in the Tesla coil
and creating these bursts
at a particular hertz.
You get music.
You get sound.
>> The gist of a Tesla--
>> But what's important about
that is it's part of the djed
pillar.
So now you look at the Ancients.
You look at the
djed pillar ankh.
Now, the one on the
top left is the one
underneath the temple
of Dendera in Egypt,
which I've been to,
underground crypt.
And it's etched into these
magnetic granite walls
at the bottom
underneath that crypt.
You can see it looks like
a light bulb connected
to a djed pillar.
The djed pillar, as you can
just see from the Tesla coil,
the djed transmits
wireless electricity,
which was picked up by
this light bulb technology
that they had.
And that's the
reason why when you
go into these ancient
sites, you don't
see any soot in the ceiling of
these crypts, and these places.
Why?
Because they didn't
have torches.
They had no torches.
They had light bulbs.
And if you look here at the
bottom, you see these djeds.
And you see these ankhs.
You see here Pakistan, Egypt.
They all had djed pillars
and they had the ankh.
Now, this one in the
middle is a combination
of the induction coils, the
copper windings, the bar
magnet, and everything
combined into an actual ankh.
So what would happen in ancient
times, the kings, the elites,
the pharaohs, the
queens, whoever
had a ranking high enough
to go through these portals
to get to other places,
very, very few people.
Because when you look
into the ancient text,
you see that some people
had access to the portals,
and some people
had to get on ships
and do rendezvous with planets.
That's in the Enuma Elis, the
Seven Temples of Creation,
the Atrahasis Epic,
the Mahabharata.
You look at texts, which we'll
go into here, from Enlil.
He created this place
called a Bond Heaven-Earth,
or Dur-An-Ki, that allowed
him to walk from Earth
directly to his home planet.
But only specific people had
the capability of doing it.
And you had to have
this in your hand.
So the ankh was specifically
this kind of ankh,
this djed pillar ankh was
specifically for the kings
that people had the
ability to access.
So it was a
combination of this was
the resonant frequency of your
atomic structure of your body.
If it didn't match you,
you couldn't walk through.
You'd be killed.
It also allowed the combination
of this data storage capacity
to unlock, the quantum
computing to work out,
and everything else was
used by this condenser,
by this djed pillar ankh.
So this is the Tesla
coil that Tesla created.
And you can see he
obviously tapped
into ancient
Egyptian technology,
because this information
is very, very ancient.
It's not brand new.
And again, this is
what the ancients
would carry to walk through.
It was part of the key.
And it had to match
your frequency.
Every single one of us
has an atomic frequency
that's different
than every-- it's
a fingerprint, your fingerprint,
everybody's got a fingerprint.
Now, certain atoms resonate
at specific frequencies
within a range.
And we know those ranges.
But overall, every single
person in this room
resonates at a slightly
different frequency range.
And that frequency range is your
atomic frequency fingerprint.
And so what they
would do is they
would match these djed pillar
ankhs to your frequency,
and that would be your key.
So the djed symbol is also
sometimes viewed as a pillar
supporting the sky.
The djed symbol is
also used in ceremony
called raising the djed.
This ceremony is
meant to represent
Osiris's triumph over Set.
During the ceremony,
the pharaoh uses a rope
to place a pillar with the
assistance of a priest.
The djed has also been
used as an amulet placed
near the spines of
mummified bodies,
and the image painted
on their coffin.
Numerous hieroglyphic
inscriptions,
architectural structures
integrate the djed,
therefore hinting it is of
great importance and sacredness
for the ancient Egyptians.
This is a real important
piece of technology right here
that has been clearly put out in
all the glyphs all over Egypt.
And it's showing you tech.
This is not like reeds
and bamboo strips.
It's real technology.
So you look at the ankh.
And you look at the djed.
And look at modern technology.
You see the similarities here.
So right outside on the
electric poles outside,
you're going to see
the same exact setup.
We're using the technology
of the ancients today.
Just an AC/DC current.
This is Ptah Noster.
That's actually Enki.
And you can go see him in
the Egyptian Museum in Cairo.
And he's the one who
wrote the Lord's Prayer.
Enki's Prayer is
really the name of it.
It's Enki's Prayer,
the Ptah Noster.
It was later transferred into
Latin, and then into English.
You know, "Our father who art
in heaven, hallowed be thy name.
Thy kingdom come as it is on
Earth, as it is in heaven.
Thy will--", you know.
All that come from
the Ptah Noster.
And that's the lord's
prayer by Enki.
But you see what he
has in his hands.
He's got the djed.
That's his star gate
key right there.
So this djed was set
to the atomic resonance
frequency of the human body.
And they had the capability
of calculating that just
as we do now in modern times.
So here are the
frequencies right here.
This isn't even-- this
is peer-reviewed science.
We know the frequencies.
We know the resonant
frequencies.
And we can easily program
a technological device
to resonate or match
these frequencies,
and make it coherent.
Today, in today's
modern technology,
we have this
capability right now.
And these are the
exact frequencies
coming out of modern science.
It's all about
frequency and resonance.
This is Hebrew right here.
This is going into
the tetragrammaton.
So not only can
the Hebrew letters
become three
dimensional structures,
but when you look at the
YHWH, which is really
almost impossible
truly to pronounce,
but we call it Yahweh, you see
how it builds a human body.
And this was known
by the Ancients,
that this particular code, which
is embedded into the human DNA
structure, is what they
utilized to identify the god
man, or the spiritual man.
And it would match it then
with these frequencies.
And what are we talking about?
We're talking about 666.
The human avatar
bodies are pretty much
built of a lattice of
carbon-12 isotope, which
is built from six protons, six
electrons, and six neutrons.
The isotope of carbon accounts
for 99% of all forms of carbon.
It is the isotope
carbon, which is
12, consists of six electrons,
six protons, and six neutrons,
which is 666.
After oxygen, the most abundant
element in the human body,
is carbon-12.
On cremation of the body, it
returns to its carbon-12 state
after all gases, like oxygen,
helium, hydrogen, are released.
Carbon-12 is one of
the five elements
that make up the human DNA.
Carbon-12 is the
most crucial isotope
needed to create a living body.
This is exactly what
the writer of Revelation
was referring to when he said
666 was the number of a man.
Now, why was 666 demonized?
It was very crucial and
important to understand
in ancient times that this was
the isotopes and the carbon
and protons were very
important to star gate travel.
So anything that's
important to them,
they make it unimportant to us.
We can't be allowed
to know this.
This is-- ooh, this
is spooky stuff.
Don't mess with this.
666 has nothing to do
with demons, and dragons,
and devils, and all this
other kind of stuff.
Hell is just a state of
mind, my personal opinion.
So there's one
video I want to get
to before we-- because we're
getting a little close,
then I'm going to go back here.
Let me stop here real quick.
The DNA is composed of four
elements, hydrogen, nitrogen,
oxygen, carbon, and when
put together form Y-H-W-G.
Carbon is what makes us
a physical earthly being.
When carbon is
replaced with nitrogen,
we have all colorless and
odorless invisible gases.
And they form the letters Y-H,
also known as, obviously, Yah.
This is encoded into your DNA.
The name of God is
encoded into your DNA.
So this is a fact.
I mean, this is nothing--
you can't escape this.
This is real science.
So this is how the name
got into religious text.
It's in the DNA.
It's on the genetic level,
meaning that we are gods.
Literally, we are gods.
The power of creation, the
power of the divine energy
and the spark is
inside of our bodies,
just as it is in all
of creation as well.
And we have the capability
of tapping into that.
Another thing that they
don't want you to know.
So they keep you afraid
of thinking you have power
so that you can feel like
you have to beg for help,
instead of understanding that
the help comes from within.
Now, I want to show
you a few of these.
Right here, we have the
chariot-- this is from Enlil
from the Sumerian tablets.
I'm not going to
read the whole thing,
because I want to show you
some of these other portals.
But he basically says that he's
going to build a star gate here
to walk from one
world to another.
And the quote is,
"A chariot place
I shall henceforth
build from Nibiru
to Earth directly to arrive."
The way that they talked
in Sumerian tablets
was always like Yoda.
I think they took the Yoda
dialect from the Sumerian
tablets, because they always
talk in that reverse talk.
But as you can see, he's
talking about building this.
First, he's talking
about establishing
a city in a circle that
radiates out in terms
of the distance, all the--
everything would be
exactly the same distance
away from each other.
And then he talks about
building this chariot place,
called Dur-An-Ki, which allows
human beings, or these gods,
I guess, these Anunnaki
elites to walk directly
back to their home planet.
This is a Sumerian
cylinder seal.
I believe this one is in the--
this picture is taken of
the Sumerian cylinder seal.
Where is this located?
I think this is in
the British Museum.
But this is actually Enlil.
So you see the
guards at the gate.
And this is Enlil walking
through a star gate.
So these gates are
always guarded.
And this is Enlil.
Enlil is the brother of Enki.
Some of the very first
of the Sumerian--
or according to
Sumerian mythology,
the Anunnaki pantheon to
arrive here on planet Earth,
their names are mentioned
in the Enuma Elis, and also
the Atrahasis Epic,
which pre-date
a lot of modern authors,
including even Zecharia
Sitchin.
He wasn't even born when
this stuff was translated.
But this is very ancient,
an ancient Sumerian cylinder
scroll that was discovered in
Iraq, along with over 1 million
other scrolls and texts.
And this depicts one
of these Anunnaki gods
walking through a star gate.
>> A million other--
>> Yeah, a million.
OK.
Got you.
Yeah.
This is really amazing.
I mean, there's so many of this.
There's so much
data and content.
And we haven't even gone through
a third of the tablets yet.
There's so much more to go.
So this is what I told you about
earlier, this chariot place
that they built.
And this is Ninurta.
This is another
famous image here.
Ninurta is actually
opening up a gate.
And this is Ninurta
opening the gate here.
So this relief in
the British Museum
shows the Sumerian god
Ninurta in a gateway, which
is a star gate, using his
index finger to push something
on the wall.
He wears two wrist devices.
The emblem around his
neck matches the design
of the Kings Templar--
the Knights Templar.
I'm sorry.
And it's also similar to the
radiation symbol, obviously.
So you see this cross
in ancient times
long before the
Christ even existed.
This cross, which is
also in Coptic Cairo,
is represented many
places throughout Cairo.
But it also resembles
the radiation symbol
and the Knights Templar cross.
And also, of course,
Nibiru was known
as the planet of the
crossing in ancient texts.
So it's really interesting.
But you can see
here that he appears
to be entering this gate.
And these key pieces
here are showing--
whatever is in his
hand, you've got
to be able to access it
through whatever kind of code
or whatever he's pushing on.
A lot of these gates
that have been discovered
seem to have these
little notches in them
where something goes into them.
So it's kind of interesting.
This is the Ziggurat
of Ur in Iraq.
Now, this picture-- I have
more pictures than this.
I didn't want to show any
of the soldiers faces,
but in the other, on my Facebook
group, Anunnaki History,
the pictures were given
to me by an actual friend
of mine, who was part of
this group of soldiers.
But for TV purposes,
I chose the ones
with them going up
and only the tank.
But if you go to Anunnaki
History on Facebook,
you'll see their faces, and
you'll see many more photos.
When the 9/11 incident
happened and we
decided that we wanted revenge,
we went straight to Iraq,
obviously, in 2001.
And where did we go?
Straight to the Ziggurat of Ur.
>> And the Antiquities Museum.
We went there.
We blew the doors
off the museum.
We went inside, and stole
all the antiquities.
We went into the deep
cellar area, where
they had a lot of a
real ancient stuff,
and stuff that talked
about ancient technology.
And we, being Americans, we
took that stuff, the military.
We went to the Ziggurat of Ur.
And a friend of mine
was actually there
when they went in.
And this is what they came
out with, this object.
This is an old photo.
I think it was 1920 something,
this photo of these two Arabs
here with this stone circle,
which kind of resembles a star
gate circle.
Could the WMD be a star gate?
Is that what they were after?
Could it be the...?
Now, to throw people
off, in this modern time,
they've taken this image,
and people have photoshopped
into the image other things.
When you go to the original
source for this image, which
you can actually use
Google Images to search
for the original
source, you find out
that the original image
is this image, not
anything added to it.
So this is the original
image right here.
And in my personal opinion,
the Ziggurat of Ur mission
was all about going
to get a star gate.
They wanted to get--
Saddam Hussein was getting
ready to open his own museum.
And he was going to
open it to the world.
And he was going
to reveal the star
gate and all these other
ancient technologies.
And the minister of
transportation for Iraq
came forward three
years ago and said
that Iraq was the original
birthplace for civilization,
and the first airport 6,000
years ago for technology
for flying machines.
And he went public with that.
You can look it up on Google.
Also, this is taken
from Mike Bower's book.
If you don't know who Mike Bower
is, he's on "Ancient Aliens."
He's a best-selling author.
I enhanced this image
from his book for him.
And this is a Ziggurat
from the Apollo 11 image
frame, AS11-38-5564, which is
an image from the moon taken
from the Apollo images.
An unobfuscated, unblocked
out, unblotched out image.
And this is a Ziggurat
on the actual moon.
So could the Ziggurat
of Earth's star gate
have been linked to a Ziggurat
star gate on the moon?
Could they have
traveled back and forth?
This is Enki's
underwater portal.
So at the bottom
here, you see Enki.
That's Enlil's brother.
He's coming from a subwater
base through this portal
to come up and walk out on land.
Enki walks out of
the water onto land.
This is also on
display at the museum.
And Enki was also known
to the Greeks as Poseidon.
So Enki had many names,
just like his brother
had many names.
His brother, Enlil,
had the name of Yahweh.
In the modern day
Bible he's Yahweh.
He's also known in ancient texts
as Satan, the Lord of Eden.
And Enki is known as Ptah,
where you get the Ptah
Noster in ancient Egypt.
He's also known as Poseidon.
And of course, Enki.
Earth is named after Enki.
His name is Ea Enki, E-A,
then E-N-K-I. Ki is Earth,
and Ea was his first two
initials, or part of his name.
So that's how we got the
name Earth, from Enki.
The Earth is actually
named after him.
So star gates always
resemble water.
So it's kind of interesting
that he would be Poseidon
in the control of water.
And in the ancient
Sumerian tablets,
he said he made his
abode beneath the oceans.
And kind of a weird place
to want to build your home,
but that's where he lived.
He lived underneath the oceans.
He actually had some
type of underwater base.
And he would transfer himself
up and down through this portal
to get back to home.
Ironically, when
you think about it,
could it be that
these star gates--
maybe he was just a master
of portal technology.
Because they always
look like water.
Just kind of a
coincidence, I thought.
So of course, you
know him as Poseidon.
At the Great Pyramid
at Giza, there's
something called
the Halls of Amenti.
Now, the Halls of
Amenti can even
be pulled up on Google
location, Google Earth.
You can use any-- you
can even go to Instagram.
Upload an image,
and go to location,
and type in Halls of Amenti.
And you'll be able
to get the location
and tag it to your photo.
The Halls of Amenti is real.
And of course, Thoth talked
about it in ancient times.
And he said that it was
underneath the Great Pyramid,
one of these portals.
He would go down there, and
he would have rejuvenation
chambers in these rooms.
And he would put
his body in them.
And then he would
rejuvenate these bodies.
And he would walk around
in a different body,
and go back and get the other
body that was rejuvenated,
and transfer his
consciousness back and forth.
Meanwhile, he would go
through portals under there
and travel to other places.
Well, these rooms
were discovered.
If you look
underneath here, they
discovered these archway rooms.
They discovered hundreds
of rooms that extend out
about a mile underneath Giza.
They found them about
a year and a half.
They're in my book, "Compendium
of the Emerald Tablets."
They found the rooms.
There they're exactly
where Thoth said they were.
If you look at the alignment
of the pyramid with the shafts,
the shafts that open up
on the Great Pyramid that
then line directly up at
certain times of the procession
with the Sirius star system,
Orion's belt, Alpha Draconis,
and, of course, Ursa Minor.
So basically, these shafts,
in my personal opinion,
were possibly used
for two reasons.
These could be the shafts
that transmit communications
to these other star
systems, because we know
that the pyramid was using
water to generate electricity
from the aquifer that
it was built on top of.
But also, what's in water?
Hydrogen. If you
look into science,
you discover that the most
widely used communication
can be sent or transmitted
through hydrogen frequency.
So because of that, right now,
even right now, modern science,
we're transmitting hydrogen
frequencies into space
to try to communicate with
aliens if we can find them.
So why wouldn't we--
why wouldn't they
have done it back then
since they were much more
advanced than us?
Send hydrogen frequencies
through those shafts.
Another thing could
be that we know that,
according to ancient
texts, that the Great
Pyramid was a portal generator.
Could it be that those were
the destination points for them
to get to?
Those were where they would go.
Maybe they only had
connecting gates
on the other end
of those places.
When you look at the
ancient texts, which
is what I'm going to be doing,
a Chronicles of the Anunnaki
lecture for six
hours at GaiaSphere.
And that's going to be
on April 25 this year.
It's going to be
an amazing event.
I'm going to start off in
the Pleiadian star system.
And I'm going to come all
the way forward into time.
I'm going to talk about
the galactic wars, planet
destroyers, people
fleeing from planets
and becoming space refugees,
and going to these star systems
right here.
And this is all based
off of ancient text.
It's based off of cuneiform
writing, the scriptures,
indigenous histories,
and everything else.
It's not based off anything
off the top my head.
It's based off of actual history
that we can get access to
from hundreds of sources.
And I paint a full
picture for you.
But these are star systems
that they ended up going to.
It's really amazing that
then the Great Pyramid
aligns with those same
exact star systems.
I'm standing up here on top of
the pyramid of Quetzalcoatl.
Quetzalcoatl was also Thoth
the Atlantean, same person
in Mexico.
And these are gigantic
Atlantean Toltecs.
And if you look-- take
a close up of these,
or look them up
on Google, you'll
see that they're holding
weapons in their hands,
and everything else.
And they have on what
appears to be some type
of technological suit.
But I'm standing on
top of the pyramid.
Underneath the pyramid is
the place where he actually
had a room that he actually
lived in for a period of time,
which is pretty amazing.
And behind it, there's
an actual star gate
that he would step into.
Thoth's quote here.
And we're almost wrapping
it up here in a few minutes.
"Deep in Earth's heart
lie the halls of Amenti,
far 'neath the island
of the sunken Atlantis.
Halls of the Dead and
halls of the living
bathed in the fire
of the infinite ALL.
Far in a past time,
lost in the space time,
the children of light
look down on the world.
Seeing the children of
men in their bondage bound
by the force that
came from beyond,
knew they that only by freedom
from bondage could man ever
rise from the Earth to the Sun.
Down they descended
and created bodies,
taking the semblance
of men as their own.
The Masters of everything
said after their forming,
we are they who formed from
the space dust, partaking
of life from the infinite ALL;
living in the world as children
of men, like and yet unlike
the children of men."
So they basically-- he's
talking about their ability
they had to clone bodies,
to make their own bodies.
They didn't inhabit
other people's bodies.
They used their
own avatar clones.
And they would inhabit
them through transfer
of consciousness.
And they would walk
amongst men, but obviously,
unlike a man, because they're
really avatar cloned people.
But they came here, this
particular entity, Thoth,
to mostly help human beings.
He had plenty of opportunity
to masquerade as a god,
and he never did.
He decided to call himself a
son of Atlantis, and not a god,
like some of his relatives did.
And he would teach human
beings all over the planet
different building techniques,
languages, alchemy, chemistry,
mathematics, and everything
else, all the sciences.
And I'm sure you guys
have seen this before.
You can see that China,
Mexico, and Egypt have
the same alignment
of pyramids that
align with Orion's Belt,
most likely, in my opinion,
meaning that they're
linking with the star gates
to transfer back and forth.
This is a Peruvian star gate.
It has a huge mysterious
door-like structure
that was discovered
in Hayu Marca mountain
region in southern Peru.
And a lot of the star gates have
this little door-like opening
on these rocks that have
this little hole in it.
You see a little hole
right there, right?
And something goes in that hole.
And what archeologists
were saying
was that some kind of
circular disk goes inside that
and fits in it.
There's a legend that
tells of a time when
a Spanish conquistador
arrived in Peru.
He was looting for gold
and precious stones.
He basically stumbled
across this doorway.
And somehow, it
opened into a portal.
And that was recorded
through time.
It became history.
And he's not the only one.
This has happened a few
more times documented.
Even people in more
modern times have
opened up some of these
gates and gone through them.
And some people never came back.
Never came back.
You can look it up.
The Aborigines
believe that the Uluru
is one of the original
creations from their ancestors.
And there may be
petroglyphs found
on the large rock
devoted to Dreamtime.
This is what they call
our world, Dreamtime.
They call it an
artificial construct.
By touching the rock,
Aboriginal people
believe that they
can communicate
with their ancestors
and the Dreamtime.
And this rock is also known
as an Aboriginal star gate.
So this is another
portal in Australia.
And Urulu, ironically,
is the same place
that Thoth talks about
in the Emerald Tablets.
>> Uluru.
>> Uluru, right.
So it's very similar.
So it's like, wow.
Now, the Emerald Tablets
36,000 years ago.
This.
The Aborigines claim to have
been seeded on this planet.
The Aboriginal elders
handed down history
that they were brought
here by the Pleiadians
and seeded on this
planet, and that they
were the very first
people on this planet.
Lord Shiva star gate at CERN.
So if you know anything
from ancient history,
Lord Shiva used to
go through portals.
And Lord Shiva was
an Indian god that
still was a part of
this Atlantean culture,
this interplanetary species or
race of people that lived here.
And this is the symbol for
the portal for Lord Shiva
that this particular
entity would walk through.
And it's ironic
that at CERN, where
we talked about creating the
black holes and all that,
they have it right outside.
That's the front of
CERN, the building
to go into where they
have the atom smasher.
They have a gigantic
Lord Shiva at the front.
Kind of alluding to
the fact that they're
working on making star gates and
portals is what they're doing.
>> Rubbing it in.
>> Yeah.
This is the Aztec
calendar on the left.
And that's the CERN atom
smasher on the other side,
on the right.
>> That's crazy.
>> They kind of look
very similar, doesn't it?
I mean, I just thought
it was kind of ironic.
But as you can see
here, no matter
where you go on
the planet, you're
going to find the star gate
symbol all over the planet,
and everywhere.
They're all over the place.
This symbol can be found
all over the world.
No matter where you go, you're
going to find these star gate
symbols.
And you're going to find
the same, of course, design.
And as you see at
the very bottom,
the star gate symbol
on the triptych design
with the three-window design,
symbolizing the gates,
transferring from
one place to another,
or one dimension to the next.
So unfortunately, guys,
we ran out of time.
There were a couple more
images I wanted to show,
but we're out of time right now.
I do have some books
here, a few books
left if you want to get them.
Thank you for coming out.
I really appreciate your time.
Thank you.
[MUSIC PLAYING]